Console is a panek that displays important messages like errors. 

console.log();
    Prints to the console whatever is put in the paranthesis. 

// still is the commenting method. 

/* Is for multi line comments.
*/

Concatenate strings using plus signs when the strings are in single quotes. 

console.log('Hello'.length); // Prints 5

DATA TYPES
//first six are primitive 
Number: Any number, including numbers with decimals: 4, 8, 1516, 23.42.
String: Any grouping of characters on your keyboard (letters, numbers, spaces, symbols, etc.) surrounded by single quotes: ' ... ' or double quotes " ... ". Though we prefer single quotes. Some people like to think of string as a fancy word for text.
Boolean: This data type only has two possible values— either true or false (without quotes). It’s helpful to think of booleans as on and off switches or as the answers to a “yes” or “no” question.
Null: This data type represents the intentional absence of a value, and is represented by the keyword null (without quotes).
Undefined: This data type is denoted by the keyword undefined (without quotes). It also represents the absence of a value though it has a different use than null.
Symbol: A newer feature to the language, symbols are unique identifiers, useful in more complex coding. No need to worry about these for now.
Object: Collections of related data.


Methods
    .toUpperCase()
    - Takes a string and makes it all upper case.
    .trim
    - Takes a console.log() and trims whitespace around whatever is in the paranthesis. 


Built-in objects
    There is a MATH object in javascript 
    Math.random will return a random number in between defined values.
    console.log(Math.random()); // Prints a random number between 0 and 1
    Math.random() * 50;
    Math.floor(Math.random() * 50);
    console.log(Math.floor(Math.random() * 50)); // Prints a random whole number between 0 and 50

    console.log(Math.random() * 100);
    console.log(Math.floor(Math.random() * 100));
    console.log(Math.ceil(43.8));
    console.log(Number.isInteger(2017));

